what is up everyone it's dr. Weaver here
and I got another race video for you
guys from forza 5 and here we are racing
on one of my most favorite track in this
game I love this track the way its
layout the scenery it's awesome new it's
called Prague and here I'm on my nissan
skyline gt-r v-spec to r34 and man and a
cross-field this is the a class of
raging torrent and man I was ripping it
through this freaking Raceway dude just
the way I passed these cars to where
like I didn't really hit in these guys
you'll just look at CLE pass whoo damn
between them oh yeah watch this watch i
think i'm about to do a pretty crazy one
will see right here i must freeze in
between two cars right between squeeze
the right through ya baby David touched
those two got me suck up my house but
look at the senior look at the
background man so beautiful i love it
and i think i wanna do some pretty
another cool passage where I almost slam
into the wall but uh I actually get my
brakes just in time and hit the brakes
at the break Oh almost at the wall see
ya son alright taking this curve around
come on come on come on man the sound of
skylights also second dude gets here
that Turtles fool man love that much of
big and fluent with the Sun Liga's come
here a little drift cut because drift
good right in front your boy that's how
you dry right there but anyways yeah I
love distracted the senior in everything
this could be a pretty good drift track
anybody wants to drip out on this track
good this is a really good riff track I
see a lot of good for so wide angle
street which I love and this part where
I'm driving to the sunlight I loved it
love this view this is so beautiful to
get Scylla run to that bridge anyways
arm I'll let you guys check out the rest
of the video so you guys could listen to
the piece of the molder of the Skip of
the skyline gt-r and this is a Class A
built stay tuned for some more video
guide don't forget to Like share this
video subscribe new to my channel and
I'll catch you guys later right peace
you
Oh